.TH setalarm 1 "Version 1.0.0" "May 2011"
.SH NAME
setalarm
\- sets the system to start and run a script at specified times.
.SH  SYNOPSIS
.B setalarm
[ \-p ] [ [h]h:mm ] [ \-o offset ] [ command ]

.B setalarm
[ \-p ] [ \-c m h dom mon dow ] [ \-o offset ] [ command ]

.B setalarm
[ \-p ] [ \-u utc ] [ \-o offset ] [ command ]

.B setalarm
\-d
.SH DESCRIPTION
This should be run as root, unless using the
.B \-p
option. The time to wake the computer can be given in three possible formats.
The simplest is just a time, written hh:mm or h:mm. This time is
interpreted as the earliest time in the future when that time occurs.
If the
.B \-c
option is provided, a cron\-formatted recurrence (minute hour day_of_month month
day_of_week) may follow. Special times such as "@hourly" are not accepted.
With the
.B \-u
option, the time to wake the computer should be provided in UTC format.
.P
.B command
is run at the closest time in the future that matches the recurrence rules or at
the time specified using an exact hh:mm or UTC time. For this to occur, the
computer is woken up several minutes in advance to allow for boot time. By
default, this "offset" is 5 minutes, but can be changed with the
.B \-o
option, in which case the computer is woken up
.B offset
minutes in advance. To ensure that the computer will wake given the
.B \-c
option, crontab entries are made in root's crontab to rerun
.B setalarm
as necessary.
.P
With the
.B \-p
option,
.B setalarm
will not make any changes to the system wake time or to root's crontab. Instead,
.B
setalarm
just prints the time, in UTC, at which the computer would be set to wake up with
the given input.
.P
Given the
.B \-d
option,
.B setalarm
removes all alarms.
.SH "NOTES"
.B setalarm
was created for use with
\fBwakeup\fR, a fully customizable and extensible talking alarm clock. However, it is
generally usable as a convenient wrapper for setting the system wakeup (see
http://www.mythtv.org/wiki/ACPI_Wakeup for details about ACPI wakeup)
.SH "SEE ALSO"
\fBwakeup\fR(1), \fBwakeup\-settings\fR(1), \fBcron\fR, \fBcrontab\fR
.SH AUTHOR
The program and its documentation are copyrighted (c) 2011 by David Glass
<dsglass@gmail.com>. All rights reserved. They are distributed under the terms
of the GNU General Public License version 3 or later.

