.TH wakeup 1 "Version 1.2" "Feb 2012"
.SH NAME
wakeup
\- A talking and fully customizable alarm clock
.SH  SYNOPSIS
.B wakeup
username alarmID
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B wakeup
plays an alarm for the given username, whose settings for the alarm can be
modified using the
.B wakeup\-settings
utility. The user's alarm that is run is specified by alarmID, which corresponds
to the folder number in the user's wakeup settings folder ~/.wakeup. Alarm text
and all associated options should be defined by running
.B wakeup\-settings
as
\fBusername\fR. Although it is possible to modify the settings directly by
editing the files in ~/.wakeup/, this is not recommended and make cause you to
lose alarm settings.
.P
An option in
.B wakeup\-settings
allows the alarm to wake the computer (from poweroff if the bios
allows). In this case,
.B wakeup
is set by
to run from root's cron, and the alarm will run in this case even if no user is
logged in. One must log in or be logged in to stop the alarm.
.P
Note that for any part of the alarm which depends on information from the web to
work when you are not logged in, you will need to set the wireless network(s)
you connect to so that they connect before you log in. This can be done through
NetworkManager, by selecting a connection, clicking "Edit..." and checking
"Available to all users."
.SH "SEE ALSO"
\fBsetalarm\fR(1), \fBwakeup\-settings\fR(1), \fBcron\fR, \fBcrontab\fR
.SH AUTHOR
The program and its documentation are copyrighted (C) 2012 by David Glass
<dsglass@gmail.com>. All rights reserved. They are distributed under the terms
of the GNU General Public License version 3 or later.

